hey guys I'm in Tribeca my name is nerdy
chaps you super I'm going to show you
behind the scenes of Tribeca Film
Festival you could tell the people out
there has never experienced Tribeca
before what is Tribeca what would you
think I think is artists filmmakers
expressing himself really lovely Mira
has a good sense I put them on their
rough on the rocks Oscar winner Robert
De Niro and producer Jane Rosenthal are
the co-founders and this year it's
really not just films you're getting
into video games television if it's a
good story
we're platform-agnostic this stories are
all over the place so I think it's a
pretty cool experience for me because
I'm new jersey I live in New York so
this is like our own festival in a
Zartan
[Music]
somebody who's 1314 is like periods I
would say to you everything yeah yeah
like take up a camera like maybe set and
sit down to the editing Bay and like
just live in every role of filmmaking
and you'll find out what your strengths
are and you find out what you suck at
and you'll just learn more about the
process I mean I've been making videos
since I was 14 years old
and I'm I just felt so much that I don't
know all depends of the main movies in
short film videos you know if it's just
something where you must constantly weep
in it and that goes for like two kids
four twelve thirteen and a so yeah if
you want to be a filmmaker and you're 25
years old
go be a filmmaker yeah so he's got
[Music]
it's rainy but it makes the streets look
so pretty I thought in the freakin
movies like water down the street balls
are not especially intentional just have
done with the first screening it was it
was awesome and there was a lot of
parallels so I used to be a computer
science major I am a college dropout but
now I pursue film in YouTube and stuff
and those short films we're basically
merging the worlds of computer science
and also art what we do is we pitch
story lines to different TV shows so we
worked on show such as the Fosters about
from Tomorrowland the Powerpuff Girls
Silicon Valley and we basically try to
talk about the conscious bias right and
what that means and trying to show that
illusion really matters and so that
we're not just trying to increase the
prevalence of computer science but also
changing the portrayal of computer
science right what that looks like so I
kind of talked about what seemeth in
which they can include the arts into
that Michelle that they're not
regionally exclusive right so you can do
coding and dance including a music
coding imports coding in fashion right
putting in anything coding is just a
tool for what you already love to do
there's awesome to see the power of film
really you know spreading spreading the
message of a lot of things raising
awareness about diversity and stencils
and
Phil but merging those worlds to make it
beep dim and heart I like that a lot
[Music]
and here waiting in line for a panel and
this this is the line that has formed
outside of the main Tribeca hub these
people are dedicated folks - movin I
[Music]
just can still remember what it felt
like to watch the first episode of girls
and be alive and tingling with that
feeling of holy SH we've never seen this
before and why that was so exciting was
it just opened my imagination of what
was to come
[Music]
I am now at the virtual reality our
community
a lot of virtual reality care everyone
has all goes on there is real atmosphere
absolutely around this is the one that
I'm going to do black out so do you want
ever like knocked over a wall or
something people talking to each other
earlier just put on those goggles I was
awesome I hope you guys enjoyed my day
at Tribeca it was so cool to experience
a little bit of everything started out
with some film went to a panel and then
ended up with a epic VR experience after
talking to so many filmmakers and people
involved with the process I left so
inspired you know I make youtube videos
but there are so many different things
you can do within the film industry you
can do anything from working with a
massive company like Google to help
connect film with bigger picture things
you can be a gaffer who does the light
you could be the cinematographer the
director there are so many things that
you can do within the world so super
encouraging to talk to people like that
but here's the thing Adobe are the
people who sent me to Tribeca who are
sponsoring this video and they want to
help you out starting on this journey so
in the description below I am linking a
free trial of Adobe Creative Cloud this
includes video editing software like
Adobe Premiere Photoshop Lightroom to
edit photos and so many more apps that
you can kind of start you know just
creative life journey so thanks it OB
for hooking up the P chief an unreal
experience at Tribeca if you're new
around here make sure to hit that
subscribe button down below
let me know if you liked it
and I'll see you next month because I
post here every week day Monday through
Friday baby she okay bye
you
[Music]